Fixed #146 (#150)
ankidroid/ankidroiddocs: README.md

  * Open command prompt with Ruby
  * Enter the command `gem install asciidoctor`

> On Mac use following command on terminal : `brew install asciidoctor`

Reviewer: Some may have never heard of brew. Should link to it. In documentation you should give everyone what they need right in one spot without making assumptions about what they know, if you can

```suggestion
On Mac we recommend using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) to install asciidoctor : `brew install asciidoctor`
```

Author: okay , on it
